Summary
We covered a lot in this session. We started with understanding the K-Means intuitively by grouping the 10 random points in 2 clusters.
The algorithm begins with choosing K random cluster centres. 
Then the 2 steps of Assignment and Optimisation continue iteratively till the clusters stop updating. This gives you the most optimal clusters — the clusters with minimum intra-cluster distance and maximum inter-cluster distance. 
You also saw the different practical issues that need to be considered while employing clustering to your data set. You need to choose how many clusters you want to group your data points into. Secondly, the K-means algorithm is non-deterministic. This means that the final outcome of clustering can be different each time the algorithm is run even on the same data set. This is because, as you saw, the final cluster that you get can vary by the choice of the initial cluster centres.
You also saw that the outliers have an impact on the clusters and thus outlier-infested data may not give you the most optimal clusters. Similarly, since the most common measure of the distance is the Euclidean distance, you would need to bring all the attributes into the same scale using standardisation.
You also saw that you cannot use categorical data for the K-Means algorithm. There are other customised algorithms for such categorical data.

Summary
You learnt how to create clusters using the K-means algorithm in Python with the analysis of the Online Store data set. We wanted to group the customers of the store into different clusters based on their purchasing habits. The different steps involved were:
Missing values treatment
Data transformation
Outlier treatment
Data standardisation
Finding the optimal value of K
Implementing K Means algorithm
Analysing the clusters of customers to obtain business insights
Once we are through with the data preparation, the K-means algorithm is quite easy to implement. All it takes is running the KMeans() function. The only ambiguous point you may notice here is that you need to decide the number of required clusters beforehand and in fact run the algorithm multiple times with a different number K before you can figure out the most optimal number of clusters.
This is also what happens in the industry practices that we run the algorithm multiple times with different values of K and then pick the clusters which make the most business sense. In fact, the k-means algorithm finds large application in the industry. For example, it can be used to find out the most optimal centre to install the mobile towers by clustering the customers geographically. Similarly, it has wide application in medical science, where say the patients can be clustered together on the basis of their symptoms, and then analysed to figure out the cause of their illness.
However, K means was just one of the clustering algorithm. In the next session, we will learn about another clustering algorithm called hierarchical clustering, which does not require you to decide the number of clusters beforehand.